
Script 1
(all in black and white with clips of someone being a goober around their plants)
Are you sick and tired of your plants looking like a they were left in the oven?
Do you find that your home is lacking a certain natural element?
Do you regularly find yourself upset that your green thumb is more of a black rotten stump?
Do you find that your home looks like an old persons home?
Do you spend hundreds of dollars at Bunnings or markets buying numerous plants that are destined for the bin?
Do you look around your home in despair, ashamed to invite your friends over all because your home looks like a plant graveyard?.

Then we have the app for you!

(in colour with fancy sounds effects like WOW)
“iPlantified” by the Transistor Team will make sure that your plants never go un-watered again.
We use our special programming to create the perfect plan for your home garden. We can save you many monies and keep your plants healthy.
If you find that you have a hard time keeping plants alive then you MUST get our app. We guarantee that you will be a 100% happy with our product or you get your money back.
If you buy our app in the next twenty three minutes we will throw in a free pot for your first plant. That's one amazing application and one free pot to use as you desire.



Script 2
iPlantified is an smartphone based application designed to eliminate the painful process of losing household plants due to neglect or  lack of proper plant care.
iPlantified uses location based care suggestions tailored to your climate so if you are living in an apartment in the NT you won't be getting the same care as a house in Hobart.
We take into account the watering, light, soil composition, temperature, humidity and fertilisation rates when your plant plan is created ->
With the option to customise your watering schedules to fit your needs.
We have included mock ups of what our app design will look like and a detailed plan of how we would plan to implement these features.
When the plant and flower industry rakes in revenue of $15bn (https://www.ibisworld.com/united-states/market-research-reports/plant-flower-growing-industry/)
 and the Australian nursery industry brings in $726M (https://www.ibisworld.com.au/industry-trends/market-research-reports/agriculture-forestry-fishing/agriculture/nursery-production.html)
we have speculated that this app will have huge reach not only in the consumer/home use but can be scaled to business size with ease.
